alexander hello this is the next hero
in my dresses helmet leaves helmet
Series a needs the words right out
get the spinal cord out
That's a hybrid here
the hard shell like me and the
hard core like me here you are
youtube stupid comments to make it
easy as a bit out and about
sluggish but this clearly heavier the
weighs about 350 grams what to write
360 or something like that weighs about
350 360 degrees
through this hard shell is as at
Robust can then do ground times
no problem over it and I scrub
guess if you look at the
hand out blues on the floor without too much
damage from exactly fits perfectly
but has the money behind me what I
not ideal and find even the one
history is he doing so fast
but these three things I find him
better but I will not show you what to me
like
that can be great for her
actually sits pretty much right here
ahead
fact is that we here under deck
go here
maybe that's cool for one
but for the other, I have to bother
for example, always sunglasses on here
handle and that would be for me
nothing but look at you
otherwise I think of aldi helmet
I have had in my hand so far
makes you look qualitatively best 14
Price and I had a few helm now
held your nose and me
You spit on the shop and order
something resourceful what hath so on for money
but he sits properly looks only
whether this deep like her something for you
it reminds me a little bit like that
a skateboard or snowboard helmets
otherwise perfect
There is nothing more to say to her
you can look
also sees the ventilation openings here
now we see us the next zoom